Salam alaikum and welcome to titli's
busy kitchen with me titli nihaan if
you're going to do a Middle Eastern
feast then one thing that definitely has
to be on there it's the salad called
tabbouleh to make this tabbouleh I've
got one very large bunch of fresh
parsley a smaller bunch of fresh mint
here I've got three spring onions you
can use these or a small white onion a
small piece of cucumber a tomato 50
grams have dried a bulgur wheat one
lemon and three to four tablespoons of
olive oil put the bulgur wheat in a bowl
and add enough boiling water to just
about cover the wheat now put this to
one side for 10 minutes meanwhile you
can chop the parsley quite fine when
you've chopped it nice and fine pop it
into a bowl now pick the leaves off the
mint stalks then chop them nice and fine
and add them in with the parsley now
take the cucumber cut it down the middle
and scoop the seeds out with a teaspoon
throw the seeds away and chop the
cucumber flesh reasonably finely and add
to the bowl now cut the tomato into
quarters scoop out the seeds with a
spoon then chop the flesh quite finely
and add to the bowl then finely finely
chop the onion and add it into the bowl
as well
and a little pepper a couple of pinches
of allspice and a pinch of cinnamon then
mix together now train the bulgur and
squeeze it dry before adding it into the
rest of the salad very mix thoroughly
when it's thoroughly mixed put it in the
fridge for about an hour to chill when
you're ready to serve drizzle over the
juice of the lemon and the olive oil
delicious
tabbouleh it goes great with or just
about anything really
the problem with two bullies that are
served in the West is they have far too
much bulgur wheat in them but this
recipe is more like the traditional
German next time in titli's busy kitchen
with me titli nihaan
until next time what happens